c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.exe.config
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.exe
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.pdb
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.g.resources
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.exe
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.pdb
c:\users\danis\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_32.dll
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\CapitalesMexico.exe
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\CapitalesMexico.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\SpeechBasics-WPF.exe
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\SpeechBasics-WPF.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\america.exe
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\america.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.exe.manifest
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.application
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.exe.manifest
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.application
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Samples.CursorControl.exe
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Samples.CursorControl.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\danis\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\K4WHelloWorld\K4WHelloWorld\obj\Debug\K4WHelloWorld.csproj.K4WHelloWorld.exe.config
